We're glad you're interested in vending at Foolscap! A varied group of dealers makes Foolscap a more interesting place, and we welcome new and returning dealers!

In the past, we've seen dealers offer science fiction and fantasy books, magazines, clothing, costumes, jewelry, collectibles, and more.

### Dealers Policies
By selling goods at Foolscap, you agree to the following policies:

1. We reserve the right to select dealers by any means we choose in order to provide a diverse set of goods to our members.
1. Setup time is Friday beginning at 12 noon. Access to the space before noon is not guaranteed - if you expect to need more time, coordinate with the dealers' room liaison.
1. You will set up your table before the dealers' room opens on Friday, and remain set up until the close of the room on Sunday. If you need to arrive late or depart early, you will coordinate with the dealers' room liaison. If you have not arrived by the start of the convention on Friday and we are unable to reach you, we reserve the right to re-sell your table space to another vendor.
1. You will have a valid license to do business in Washington State. If you do not have an existing license, you can obtain a temporary license for up to two events per year by visiting the [Department of Revenue's web site](http://dor.wa.gov/content/doingbusiness/businesstypes/doingbus_tempreg.aspx)

### Dealers' Room Hours

* Friday 4 - 8 p.m.
* Saturday 10 a.m. - 6 p.m.
* Sunday 10 a.m. - 4 p.m.

The Dealers' Room will be secured when it is not open to the convention.

### What You Get
* Two tables
* Two chairs
* Two full conventions membership
* A black-and-white business-card size ad in our program book, if you send us the print-ready ad in digital or physical form.

### How to Apply
Send email to: dealers@foolscap.org

Describe what you sell, and any special needs you may have for your space.

### How to Pay

Basic price starts at 80$.

After you’ve been approved by our 2016 dealers' liaison, please pay by check or by PayPal.

Send check to:

Foolscap 2016
c/o Little Cat Z
P. O. Box 31891
Seattle, WA 98103

PayPal: treasurer@foolscapcon.org.

In the PayPal comments section, be sure to list your name, phone number, and that you’re purchasing a dealer's space.

PayPal will send you a confirmation that a payment was made, but the Foolscap dealers' liaison will need to confirm you’ve sent the correct amount in order to guarantee your space. Please watch your email for that confirmation.

If you send the wrong amount, or if you send payment without being approved for a dealer's space, we will refund the payment at our first opportunity.