We're so glad you're interested in showing art with us! We think a wide variety of art from new and established artists makes Foolscap a more interesting place, and we can't wait to see what you'll show!

### Art Show Rules

By displaying your art in the Foolscap Art Show or Print Shop, you agree to the following rules:

1. Space in the Art Show is available to artists on a first-paid, first-reserved basis. Space is limited.
1. We encourage art of a fantasy, visionary, horror or related theme. We reserve the right to decide a piece of art is unsuitable for Foolscap.
1. Each piece of artwork must be labeled with the artist’s name and the title of that piece, and must be matted or framed securely or otherwise display-ready.
1.	Foolscap charges $12 USD per 4 ft. wide x 4 ft. high display panel, or 6 ft. x 2 ft. table space, plus a 10% commission on all sales. Half-tables are available, half-panels are not.
1. We reserve the right to limit the number of panels sold to a single artist to keep the art show diverse.
1. For each piece submitted, we need a completed entry on the control form and a bid sheet. You may specify the minimum bid and/or a direct-sale price or indicate a piece is not for sale. 
1. Any piece receiving two bids above the artist’s set minimum will be auctioned to the highest bidder on Sunday.
1. Space on the print table is $5, plus a 10% commission on all sales. Each print must be tagged with the artist’s name and the title and price of the print, and listed individually on the control sheet. We reserve the right to limit the number of prints an artist may place on the print table. All prints are direct-sale.
1. Setup time is Friday, February 5th 2016, beginning at 2 p.m. The show will be open to convention members starting at 4 p.m. Friday, with set-up and events in the room until 9 p.m. Friday. If you cannot be there at this time, please let the art show director know beforehand. If you are not present, we reserve the right to assign your panel space to someone else.
1. Checkout and tear-down is on Sunday following the auction (around 3 p.m.). If anyone other than the artist will pick up art or money, that person must be listed as the artist’s representative on the control sheet.
1. Mail-in art will be accepted until the convention. Mail-in art can be sent to the Art Show Director:<br>
   Tina Klein-Lebbink<br>
   16423 SE 15th St<br>
   Bellevue, WA 98008<br><br>
   Please allow enough time for shipping, as we cannot refund panel fees for art that doesn't arrive in time. All mail-in art must be packed in a reusable container with return postage and insurance. Any money not needed to return your art will be refunded to you.
1. Unsold pieces will be returned within three weeks of the convention. A check for sold pieces, plus any refunded postage, will be mailed six weeks after the convention.
1. Your panels will be reserved when we recieve payment. 

### Forms

Please download and fill our the appropriate forms for the ways you're exhibiting with us. 

You can fill in your forms digitally by entering data into the PDF files and saving them, then email the digital copies to <a href="mailto:artshow@foolscap.org">artshow@foolscap.org</a>

Otherwise, you can print out the forms and fill them out by hand. Please return your registration form as soon as possible, so we can let people know you'll be exhibiting with us.

Bring the appropriate other forms with you to the convention if you're bringing your art in person, or mail them in with your art.

* [Registration Form](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=0B0yqsCxBaLBEc2FwM05YSVlfUG8) - download this form first and return it as soon as possible
* [Artist Control Sheet](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=0B0yqsCxBaLBEVDJuc2U4RVJ1a1U) - for panels and tables
* [Bid Sheet](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=0B0yqsCxBaLBEX293dFE3OFdUODQ) - for panels and tables
* [Print Shop Control Sheet](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=0B0yqsCxBaLBEWUlmWlVoaE9OQWM) - for print shop

### Paying for your space
You can pay online using PayPal or by sending a check to the Art Show Director.

<script>
window.onload = function(){simpleCart({
  checkout: {
    type: "PayPal",
    email: "treasurer@foolscapcon.org"
  } ,
  cartStyle: "table", 
  cartColumns: [
    { attr: "type" , label: "Type" } ,
    { attr: "badgename", label: "Name" } , 
    { attr: "price" , label: "Price", view: 'currency' } ,
    { view: "remove" , text: "<i class='fa fa-trash-o'></i>" , label: false }
  ]
  });
  simpleCart.bind( 'beforeAdd' , function( item ){
    if(!item.get('badgename')) {
      alert("Please tell us the artist name.");
      return false;
    }
    item.set('name', 
      item.get('type') +
      ": " +
      item.get('badgename')
    );
  });
};
</script>

<div class="simpleCart_shelfItem">
<span class="item_type">Art Show Panel</span> for 
<input class="item_badgename" placeholder="Artist Name" type="text"> <span class="item_price">$12</span>
<a class="item_add" href="javascript:;">Add to Cart</a>
</div>

<div class="simpleCart_shelfItem">
<span class="item_type">Art Show Table</span> for
<input class="item_badgename" placeholder="Artist Name" type="text">
<select class="item_price">
  <option value="12">Full – $12</option>
  <option value="6">Half – $6</option>
</select>
<a class="item_add" href="javascript:;">Add to Cart</a>
</div>

<div class="simpleCart_shelfItem">
<span class="item_type">Print Shop Exhibition</span> for 
<input class="item_badgename" placeholder="Artist Name" type="text"> $<span class="item_price">5</span>
<a class="item_add" href="javascript:;">Add to Cart</a>
</div>

<div class="simpleCart_items"></div>
<span class="simpleCart_quantity">0</span> items - <span class="simpleCart_total">$0.00</span>

If you want to get a membership at the same time, you can head over to the <a href="/registration/">registration page</a> and add it to your cart, or you can just check out here.

<a href="javascript:;" class="button simpleCart_checkout">Checkout</a>